docs: update DSP refs (#163)
unoplatform/workshops: tube-player/modules/06-Theme-overrides/README.md

### Import C#

> 1. Head over to the IDE and delete the *ColorPaletteOverride.json* file. This won't be needed as you're importing the color overrides from Figma. It's used when importing a Uno DSP theme from an external editor (switch to the <!--TODO make sure link works -->[DSP tab](#tab/export/dsp) for more).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Head over to the IDE and delete the *ColorPaletteOverride.json* file. This won't be needed as you're importing the color overrides from Figma. It's used when importing an Uno DSP theme from an external editor (switch to the [DSP tab](#tab/export/dsp) for more information).
```

Reviewer: @rajamatt you can run the doc locally to make sure the link is working ;)

    +.Add<Color>(Theme.Colors.Surface.Variant, light: "#F85977", dark: "#67E5AD")
    ```

# [Uno DSP](#tab/export-dsp)

### Create a custom theme and import Uno DSP

> Uno DSP (Design System Package) is a conventional way to transport design themes between different systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno DSP is a conventional way to transport design themes between different systems.
```

### Create a custom theme and import DSP

> DSP stands for Design System Package and is a conventional way to transport design themes between different systems.

Reviewer 2: !!
